Virtual Room:
This is a room where user can grow plants or seeds, the user can set the lot size, best environment, temperature, humidity, sunlight, water level, terrain, fertilizers, seeds count or plants count. It will display how long it will take for the plants to grow and how many plants grew and the size of the plants.
User can invite other users or vendors.
Vendors can do the same in the virtual room as the users above and they can invite users and other vendors.

The virtual room is for people who are interested in growing and want to design a grow room with the space they have. 
The way I pictured it was the user choose first if outside or inside.  The User can input room size and adjust perimeter and you need to show the prospective of the room. Along the side of the screen I pictured drag and drop options such as lights, pots, ballasts, filters etc.. The user could drag and drop to the room, so if the user wants 10 lights in the room, he/she would click the light button on the side of the screen and drag it to wherever they would want in the room and do that 10 times. This idea was strictly to give users a visual of how they could/would create their grow room. This would also be an opportunity for us to connect the user with grow stores to get a quote on equipment and possibly consultants to build the room for the user.  The user can invite other users and other users can comment and add comments and likes and rating. The room privacy setting is needed and will be set by the user. User can post pictures, images, 
Attributes for the Build a Room

Hood:   Vendors – brands – models = Hood: Open ,  Closed , Tubes, Complete Fixture, etc. ..

Bulb :   Vendors -  brands – models = Bulbs : 400W, 600W, 1000W etc. …

Ballast: Vendors -  brands – models =  Ballast: 400W, 600W, 1000W etc. …

CO2 : Vendors -  brands – models =  CO2: 2 Burner, 4 Burner, 8 Burner, 10 Burner

Air filter : Vendors -  brands – models = Air Filter : Small , medium , Large

pots : Vendors -  brands – models = Pots: 1-3 gal, 5-10 gal, 15-25 gal, 30+ gal, Beds

support : Vendors -  brands – models =  Support: Stages, Cages, Net

fans : Vendors -  brands – models = Fans : Wall Mount,  standing, Ceiling mount
Seeds: Vendors - more submenus
fertilizers:  Vendors - more submenus
Dirt:  Vendors - more submenus

Grow Medium : Vendors -  brands – models =  Grow Medium: Soil, Coco, Hydronic, Other
Air Conditioning: Vendors - brands – models = Air conditioning : Portable, Minisplit, Full unit/ ductwork
Note: categories and sub categories are controlled in admin panel and can be turned on or off by the super admin in the control panel. If they are turned on, they are visible to the users, if they are not checked, they will be invisible.
Since grow stores are vendors as well and since they will have their own price quote, users will be able to select the equipment lists they want and be able to send it to multiple grow stores vendors to get the best deal

All those will be managed in the control admin panel ( adding, removing, editing, modifying, etc. .. )